What are you looking at me for?
Night Cat
You didn't come back with us last night
Yeah, it's still a Rolls Royce
Where did the helicopter come from?
If I heard correctly
The eldest lady doesn't seem to know that your house has a helicopter.
What's going on?
Aren't you the eldest lady of the Ye family?
I didn't react for a while
And what is a helicopter?
How many cruise ships does my family have?
Then what happened last night?
And?
Didn't we take the car back together yesterday?
Isn't it because of someone?
Dawdling there
Delayed my time to go home
My dad thought something happened on the road
That's why they sent a helicopter to pick me up
Hey, is that so?
Just finished my Rolls Royce
You dare to question me today
dare not dare
Miss, I offended you, haha.
The chairperson really loves the eldest lady so much
Okay, okay.
This afternoon?
Just on vacation
What am I going to eat for dinner?
This lady is not a person who is short of money.
You choose
In order to show off your power in the company in the future
Promotion and salary increase
It's nothing to put money in now
Then let's go to the prosperous world
It's the only seven-star restaurant
One of the production positions of the Ye family in the prosperous age
That's where Upper Street used to eat
Can we really go?
Of course I am the richest man in the world
Just take you ordinary colleagues to meet the world
Noodles, right?
Miss
I heard the minimum spend there is 100,000 oh ah
100,000 such a fool really dare to pick a place
100,000
Isn't that just a drizzle for the rich?
Miss, are we still going to Shengshi?